this is the recently completed $14
amazon project called the amazon spheres
that's going safe
[Music]
as soon as you walk into the Amazon
spheres otherwise known as the Bezos
balls you get a sense that you're in the
Amazons you're Intertropical it just
feels so humid it's so hot and take a
big whiff it actually smells like a rain
forest
I am walking in the bottom level this is
a garden area of the bezos balls this
plant needs to shave the reason why this
place was built is to increase the
productivity of the software engineers
and all the workers at Amazon this plant
looks like a Pokemon go vegetable being
stuck in the urban city every single day
is not conducive to imaginative creative
thinking that's exactly why they built
this place so you can feel like you're
in the forest while still having the
luxury and comfort of the urban areas
on my left side here is a huge wall of
plants this includes a huge variety of
different types of plants so it
increases the plant diversity within
this tiny little biome out of everything
in the spheres there's over 40,000
different varieties of plants just think
about that that's amazing
there are a total of five floors in this
place but it feels much bigger than it
seems inside there's a lot of seating
and a lot of open areas all right I
think I'm gonna have to let you go to
work for Microsoft over there yeah so
why did they use a spear for the shape
it's such an awkward shape to build and
the reason is because spheres are found
in nature everywhere including your
eyeballs shape of the earth yes it's
round and this building was built by
these interlocking shapes too look at
that it's just a repeated collection of
these interlocking shapes in order to
make the Amazon spheres you know walking
here I was actually surprised you gotta
pay for their coffee everything at
Facebook is free so why would you pay
for that now we have arrived on the top
floor of the whole entire Amazon spheres
looking down it's really impressive
because you can see the different layers
that make up the spheres so you can tell
they putting a lot of thought into this
building because even though it is
around 6 p.m. it's dark outside it still
looks like it's bright sunlight because
of all these lights that are supposed to
simulate the lighting conditions of
daylight so it feels like people are
working in the jungle every single day
and right here is the biggest tree in
this whole entire sphere this is called
Ruby and had to be craned in here it had
to be lifted from all the way from up
there into this building and as we walk
around here
this is a famous birds now Coco so the
spheres were constructed in a circular
fashion obviously because it's a sphere
and all around are these little seating
areas where you can bring your laptop
and over here on the fourth floor is a
huge conference room people can book out
this conference room and it's meant to
have a little feeling of privacy in this
huge open area these vines kind of act
like a window and cover everything
amazon spheres dazzled me for a huge
amazon to be placed in the middle of the
urban jungle is just absolutely stunning
this was a special edition of the campus
cross campus crawl office addition if
you like this click the subscribe button
and click here to watch another video my
name is hop we go I'll see you in the
next video peace